Confused about high school? Then you should watch Nickelodeon's Welcome Freshman and we can make you confuse no more!
Kevin, what are you doing?
I'm taking a commercial for a show.
How?
What has been taken?
Oh, then who's taking us now?
I don't know.
Whoa!
Watch Welcome Freshman every Saturday at 5-4 Central on Nickelodeon!
Kevin?
Yeah?
I'm confused.
My perfect 80s album? It's gotta make me dance.
Has the right to remain silent, but explains it all Saturday at 8-7 Central on Snick!
Can do something about it.
He complained about the class budget, but nobody bothered to vote for a class treasurer.
He's dankotty who voted for himself, so he won.
And he ended up spending the whole budget on uniforms for the Rocket Club.
And people always hate to sleep dance decor, but no one ever stops Ninzy Dinsdale from taking over.
Even though she always goes for that ever popular fuzzy unicorn theme.
So okay, we all get episodic about stuff sometimes.
But in the grand scheme of things, a goofy spring dance and a class budget don't add up to much.
On the other hand, some things really do matter, and if you care enough, it's time to take action.
Hey, Colerson.
Sam, we've gotta do something about this.
About what?
Look at this article on Wilcott Industries.
You mean that huge company over on Piedon Road?
That's the one.
So they're expanding their facilities, so what?
Bottom paragraph, line two.
Wow, I had no idea they did animal testing.
Neither did I.
And we've been getting their bubble baths since I was a little kid.
And I've been using their shaving cream for as long as I've been shaving.
And that's like four months already.
Makes me feel guilty about all those bubble baths.
Yeah, it's a really big drag.
But what can you do?
Hey, you going to Kelly Ding Bingo's party this weekend?
Sam, wait a minute.
We can't just sit back and let some business in our own neighborhood do something we're really against.
Clarissa, Wilcott is a huge company.
You can't just call them up and say,
please stop your animal testing.
And they go, sure, kid, whatever you say.
But Sam, there's plenty of stuff we can do.
Like we can get people to write letters, hand out pamphlets, boycott their products.
Clarissa, that's not gonna do any good.
Hey, and I can write about this in the Thomas Tupper time.
Power of the press, First Amendment, freedom of speech.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's easy to talk about change in the world,
but who's gonna listen to a couple of high school kids?
Sam, I can't believe you're so cynical.
The whole point of the press is to be an advocate for change.
I guess even Rush Limbaugh would agree with that.
I'm gonna write the editorial of this century.
Dear readers, what's the big bad secret on Pine Road?
Here's the scoop.
Hey, look, Sam.
A letter from Wilcott Industries. We did it.
Clarissa, your editorial on the Thomas Tupper times
did generate like a gazillion names on our petition.
I'm not surprised.
Oh, right, Mr. Optimus.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So what's it say?
Dear Ms. Darling, thank you for your interest in Wilcott Industries.
We always enjoy hearing from our many customers.
As a token of our appreciation,
here is a free sample of our new SuperGel move.
Yours, Haberford B. Wilcott III, President.
What does that have to do with animal testing?
Nothing, Sam, but I have a feeling that's the point.
Hey, anybody see my ball? It was a, uh, Titleist VI.
Ferguson, this is a house, not a golf course.
I shanked my drive. What do you want from me?
I didn't keep my head down. I think your ball went into the kitchen.
Thanks. I think this might be a bogey hole for me.
Ferguson, what is all this?
Sis, what is the preferred sport of Fortune 500 executives?
Need I say more?
But do they dress like they're certifiably insane?
It's the retro look.
I got the whole shebang from old man Gravabaca for a song.
Nice, huh?
Okay, keep your head down. Keep your left arm straight.
Hey, you think this moose is any good?
Sam, how can you even think about it?
Clarissa, it doesn't look like Wilcott Industries is going to change their ways.
I mean, they just shined you on.
I'm not giving up that easily.
This letter is totally insulting.
Did I really think we're so apathetic we can be placated by a form letter and a free sample?
Hey, Spore. Hey, Sam.
Hi, guys. How was the yard sale?
Oh, it was great. Look what I got.
That's familiar.
It's Mr. Gravabaca bought it at our yard sale just last year.
Well, I knew the second I sold it that I'd want it back someday.
Woodstock, the ultimate musical sit-in.
And now it's mine again.
Uh-huh, until our next garage sale.
Hey, Sam, I know a way we might get our message to Wilcott.
What's that?
Well, he may not care about a high school paper and a lot of kids' signatures,
but I bet he'll care when we take our cars right to his doorstep.
Why would he pay attention to us?
Not just you and me, Sam.
I'm talking about a whole bunch of us,
with flyers and signs and loud voices, a broadcast sit-in.
I can get into that.
My parents used to do it all the time.
It's the only way Wilcott won't be able to ignore us.
That's a great idea.
We can get everyone who signed the petition
to storm the building, stage a coup,
take over Wilcott's office and force his home.
Well, I was thinking of something a little more peaceful,
but I like the spirit, Sam. Let's hope it's contagious.
Okay, we've plastered the area with flyers.
We put a sign-up sheet at school
and we've got a phone tree branching out of control.
Tomorrow at this time, one full blast,
full-scale protest will be in full swing.
And that should mean one major blow to Wilcott and public apathy.
Clarissa, what are you doing?
Signing the powers of the beef, Ferguson,
instead of sucking up to them.
Something you wouldn't understand.
Well, if you choose to behave like someone from another era,
it's your life.
But could you please do it somewhere else?
This is the third tee.
Third tee?
On my new golf course.
Your golf course?
Darling Pines, a regulation championship 18-hole layup.
See that little flag over there on the Soperstein's deck?
That's the third tee.
Slight breeze to the south.
Think a seven-iron ought to do it.
My backyard, too, you know.
Quiet in the gallery, please.
Slice.
That'll cost me a stroke.
Cheerio.
That's a good thing you didn't take a bar tree.
Thanks, Warf. How's it going?
Great.
I'm just waiting for Sam to come over
and finish up these signs, and then we're all set.
Well, Clarissa, you know, we were rooting around the attic,
and, uh, well, we found this.
Now, this is my official protest jacket, 1968.
Beautiful, isn't it?
Yeah, well, it doesn't really fit me anymore.
Oh, well, it's the jacket that's gotten smaller, right, Marshal?
Yeah, well, you know, Jent, that attic's very dry.
Things tend to shrink up there.
Okay.
Sport here. I want you to have this.
Thanks, Dad.
Clarissa, we want to make sure that you're very careful
at this protest field.
Careful?
Yeah, well, you know, Sport, these things have a way of
getting out of hand.
But, Dad, we're just planning a legal, peaceful demonstration.
I mean, what's the worst that could happen?
Burn, baby! Burn!
Hell no! We won't go!
El Pueblo, Unido, Hama, Sera, Unido!
Hey, everybody, you ready for the protest?
Hi, Sam. Nice gear. Where'd you get it?
My uncle over at Dyer had a bit part
in the summer stock production of a Vita a few years ago.
You know, Sam, the protest is serious.
It's not all fun and games.
Yeah, you know, maybe we should go with them.
Come if you like, but not if you're just worried.
We'll be fine.
We will.
Definitely.
Okay, but you guys organize this thing,
so you'll be responsible for everyone there.
Yeah. You know, guys, just remember to use your common sense.
I mean, that's the most important thing to keep in mind.
I promise nothing will get out of hand.
Okay. Well, all right. Hey, hey.
Keep the things.
Go for it. You got it.
Well, Clarissa, let's just hope everything goes
the way we want it to.
Hey, Sam, we're just exercising our constitutional rights.
I mean, come on. What's the worst that could happen?
Okay.
Now it's not the time to panic.
One phone call and everything will be fine.
I'm glad to hear that, Clarissa.
Because around here, one phone call is all you're going to get.
Um, Garb, can we have the phone now, please?
Thanks.
Well, go ahead. Call your dad.
Me? You go ahead.
Your parents are the protest kings.
Your dad is so mellow in understanding.
Clarissa, your parents are even more mellow in understanding.
Much more. Besides, you have two of them. They call each other down.
But, Sam, this is different. We're in jail.
And I promise my parents nothing would happen.
Your dad will be okay about it.
About posting bail? Clarissa, I think in this case,
your parents are the ones to handle things.
No, Sam. Your dad...
Hey! Other people are waiting to use that phone.
Okay. Sorry, sir.
Okay, Sam. Here it goes.
I mean, what's the worst they could say?
I don't even want to think about it.
Mom, it's me.
Hey, you'll never guess where I'm calling from.
Na-na-na-na-na-na-na...
More Clarissa. More Snake, after this.
Hey, they're taking on grown-ups from the rug up.
Call them bad, call them bold,
but just don't call them babies.
They're the rug rats crawling into action
on the only network for you, Nickelodeon.
Come on, let's go, I need breakfast.
And don't shut the, my callows' corn pops,
my keys, they're locked in.
Stay calm, smooth move.
Maybe we can call for help.
Yeah, sure.
Help!
I want my corn pops.
Hold my sweet popcorn, I could be havin' them now.
But thanks to the little dwee bet,
I'm locked out of my pops,
so lock did it, what am I gonna do?
I was gonna do that.
Kellogg's corn pops cereal
is part of this complete breakfast.
I gotta have my pops.
If kids like me are in the world,
I'd win everything.
On your mark, get set.
This is the one's happening right now.
So if you stay tuned, you'll get the scoop.
It could happen.
Relax, Marshall, everything's fine now.
Yeah, my only daughter.
She's behind bars.
Yeah, she was willing to stand up
for what she believed in, and I'm proud of her.
Oh, but my baby, my sweetheart, my little girl.
Marissa, maybe you should tell us
exactly what happened.
You know, we'd expect it about 200 kids.
And how many people came?
About six, if you count me and Sam.
I guess a lot of people are willing to sign a petition,
but it's a whole different thing
to give up your Saturday afternoon.
Yeah, but supportive, only six protesters showed up.
How on earth did you get arrested?
Kind of embarrassing, Dad.
See, there we were marching, chanting, everything orderly,
but then Sam decided protesting was hungry work.
Fortunately, or rather, unfortunately,
there was a Mr. Wiener stand nearby.
What can I say?
Junk food and politics don't mix.
It all started with a bag of barbecue chips.
They went flying when I opened them,
causing me to step back into Lenny Lester Link,
whose picket sign, Bean Jennifer Guff,
making her do a somewhat impressive back row
into Bobo Beefneck,
whose root beer sprayed all over Maggie Marple,
who jostled Sam,
who squirted ketchup onto the starched white shirt
of one Mr. Haberford Wilcott,
who had picked just that moment to leave the building.
And that's how it happened.
Wow, so you slimed the owner
of a multi-billion dollar corporation?
But anybody could see that it was an accident.
Not Wilcott, apparently.
I guess he's real particular about his shirt.
Well, I'm sure he'll cool off after a few days
and hoping he'll blow over.
Yeah, well, I sure hope you're right.
All in all, I'd say you and Samuel had quite a day.
Yeah, I just wish we'd been able to change Wilcott's mind
instead of the color of his shirt.
What a shot!
What a golf shot!
Golf on TV.
The most boring thing yet invented by man.
Oh, excuse me, sis.
If you wouldn't mind,
this happens to be my official clubhouse, remember?
Darling Pines Country Club?
Hate to say it, kiddos, but this is sort of exclusive.
Meaning what?
Meaning we don't take too highly to ex-cons.
Ferguson, we're not ex-cons.
We were in lockup for like 15 minutes.
Uh-huh, and Charles Manson was a nice hippie kid
from Oakland.
Ferguson, we didn't do anything.
Uh-huh, try writing that line
on your college applications.
Extracurricular activities.
Busting rocks.
Special interests are activities.
Making license plates.
Hate to burst or bubble Ferguson,
but no one here is going to prison.
Well, this just arrived.
It's marked county courthouse.
Well, give me that.
Wonder what that could be.
Probably just a letter, you know,
saying Wilcott dropped the charges.
Tomb is Clarissa and Darling afternoon of October 19th
to appearing Cook County Courthouse.
Sam, they didn't drop their charges.
We have to go to court.
In regards to the matter of the people
versus Clarissa, Darling and Sam Anders?
Wow, my sister goes to the big house.
The rock, the pen, the slammer.
Oh, there is justice in this world after all.
I never thought we'd get in so much hot water
just for defending helpless animals.
Maybe I should go call Jacoby and Myers.
If you get any brilliant ideas, let me know.
I'll see you, Sam.
They wouldn't really send us to jail, would they?
Nah, they couldn't.
No way.
It's 90 million years, right?
It was a dirty, lousy, rotten, stinking place to live.
But that's where we did our living.
Me, Tess, Mabel, Gertrude, and Frenchie.
We were prisoners of cell block H.
And even though it may not mean much to you,
it made me proud or in hell.
Play it, Clarissa.
Play the one that makes me feel free, deep down inside.
You got it, Frenchie.
See, we wasn't figuring on staying cooped up
in that stinking flammable lawn.
Because me and the gals, we was buzzing out of this joint.
How long, you suckers?
Yeah.
Wow.
I better come up with a plan before Sam and I go up the river.
Can you believe these articles?
Tycoon takes on teens.
Wilcott steamed over stains.
Makeup magnet makes up bogus charge.
We're celebrities, Sam.
I can't believe anyone would really care about us going to court.
I mean, no one cared when we were protesting in the first place.
Then we were just hot-headed teenagers.
Now we're helpless corporate victims.
Yes, this is Clarissa, darling.
Who?
Yeah, I'll hold.
It's Mr. Wilcott.
Don't talk.
Hello, Mr. Wilcott.
Uh-huh.
Just a sec.
He says they'll drop the charges on one condition.
What is it?
What's the condition?
Oh, yeah, I understand.
Just a sec.
No more protests, no more petitions, no more editorials.
Sounds like three conditions.
What should we say?
Tell him we'll see him in court.
How cheap does he think we are?
Mr. Wilcott, this is our answer.
No way, Jose.
We're not afraid of you or your big, ugly corporate goons.
You can press charges till you're blue in the face.
We're not giving up until you stop testing your products
on those animals, and that's final.
Uh, Clarissa, you didn't have to get carried away.
Well, we can't let him bully us around.
I hear you, but what are we going to do?
The only thing we can do, we're
going to stage another protest.
Yeah.
But why do I have a funny feeling we're going to regret this?
Thanks to all this media attention,
we're going to have hundreds of people this afternoon, Sam.
Yeah, and it's great that your mom and dad were
willing to help us organize this thing.
Yeah.
Oh, and the folk guitars from Cafe Let It Be
is going to lead us in a medley of protest songs.
And don't forget the Thomas Tupper Dance Club's
interpretive ballet, celebrating the life cycle
of the spotted owl.
Yeah, I'm not sure how that one fits in,
but I guess they mean well.
Is this a protest or what?
Yeah, this time Wilcott won't be able to ignore
what we have to say.
Hey, guys, these signs look great.
Thanks.
So, uh, how do we look?
Excellent, Mr. and Mrs. Darling.
Can I keep that, Mule?
Yeah, totally cool.
So is everything all set?
Yep, this is one major protest underway.
Great, we're just going to make some sandwiches in case
anyone gets hungry out there.
Yeah, I always work up quite an appetite myself
at these rallies.
Come on, let's go make our protest pita specials.
Boy, your parents are really into this protest thing.
Yeah, I guess it's kind of a second honeymoon for them.
So are the bullhorns ready?
Ready and raring to go.
Two, four, six, eight.
Who do we wish to debate?
Wilcott, Wilcott, Wilcott!
Clarissa Darling, how lovely to see you again.
And your little friend Sam, of course.
Now, about this little protest you've got cooking.
Actually, it's turned into a pretty big protest,
Mr. Wilcott.
Yeah, and if you've come here to talk us out of it,
forget it.
We're committed to our cause.
Oh, indeed, and I admire that commitment.
We at Wilcott Industries are nothing if not committed.
You two teens give me hope for the youth of America today.
Well said, sir.
We do.
Why, if I had a daughter, I'd want her to be just like you.
You do have a daughter, sir.
Oh, right.
Well, I hate to interrupt, but we've
got a protest to get to in about 10 minutes.
Join us if you like.
I think you know the address.
It's very funny.
Yes, well, I don't think that little protest
is going to be necessary.
Big protest.
And we think it is necessary.
You see, kids, how can I say this?
The tradition thing, sir, they've opened your eyes.
Oh, yes, you've opened my eyes.
We at Wilcott Industries have a tradition to uphold.
A tradition that was begun with my father's father.
Haverford, Wilcott I, may he rest in peace, sir.
My point is, you and your friends
Steve here have made me see it's time to move forward.
All Wilcott products are pure, natural,
environmentally friendly, and completely
free of animal testing.
What, since when?
Since now.
We won?
I like to think we all won, Steve,
including the cute little furry animals.
Especially the bunnies, sir.
I'm sure they'll be glad to hear it.
Well, let's get going to that press conference.
Press conference?
Of course.
You're going to want to be there for our big announcement.
Wilcott Industries takes leadership role
in protecting animal rights.
I guess this means we're not going to jail.
Oh, don't be silly.
Do we really have to drop those charges?
Yes, sir, the legal teams.
Oh, never mind.
Of course you won't be going to jail.
After all, you've opened our eyes
to a great marketing strategy.
Wilcott goes green.
It's a million-dollar idea if I ever heard one.
It should be our most profitable marketing campaign
ever, sir.
Not now, Penny Baker.
Oh, so you're doing this all for profit.
OK, everybody smile.
I'll get this out with a press release immediately, sir.
Just look at them.
The hope of America.
Why, the hope of the whole country, the whole planet,
Wilcott Industries, for the future, for the planet,
for the furry ones, sir.
Come on, Penny Baker, let's get out of here.
See you there, kids.
Be proud.
So we did it.
Yeah, but I thought victory was supposed to feel good.
Yeah, I feel so cheap, so used.
So exploited.
But you know, Steve, I guess sometimes when
you can't change people's minds,
you have to settle with changing their ways.
That's gonna be the funny, Sam.
Sure.
Here.
Thanks.
Heck of a guy that, Wilcott, very engaging gentleman.
How would you know?
Oh, we just spent a lovely morning on his private links.
You play golf with Wilcott?
Well, let's just say I facilitated his game.
Sounds like you were his caddy.
So?
Man's caddy is more than a club carrier.
It's a personal advisor.
Confidant.
Yeah, next thing you know, I'll be sitting in on board meetings.
It's possible.
They do need someone to hand out the pencils.
No way.
What?
This is worth a major response.
They reduced the print size of Calvin and Hobbes.
I guess it's worth some sort of protest.
But do we really want to go through all that?
Come on, Sam.
What's the worst that could happen?
Tonight Nickelodeon Slime Time Live
is happening all SNCC long.
Ready to go interactive again?
Stay tuned for the next You Match You In, Head to Head,
Prizes in Slime, Video Phone Hookup.
Coming up next, right here on SNCC.
Come, Dr. Kuleks.
You've watched them weather Colonel Kyle.
Now, let me take you back to the very beginning
for the very first adventure of the Tomorrow People.
Witness the first teleport, the first mind merge,
the first glimpse of the spaceship,
not to mention Adam with a ponytail.
Don't miss the original sci-fi adventure
and watch ordinary kids become the Tomorrow People
for the very first time.
Saturday at 6.5 central on the First Kids Network,
Nickelodeon.
Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nickelodeon.
Gotta want to sing now, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick,
Nickelodeon, Nickelodeon, Nickelodeon, Nickelodeon.
Attention homeowners, coming your way now.
A limited time offer from Sears,
the air conditioning professionals.
Get 0% finance charge, no billing and no payments until October.
Just take advantage of Sears Installed Central Air
Conditioning Offer on Sears Charge Home Improvement Plan.
You don't have to suffer and swelter another minute.
Get on the phone and have a Sears authorized contractor
install a dependable news central air conditioning system.
Like Sears Kenmore 13 that saves up to 44% on operating costs.
Call now to arrange your free in-home estimate.
Sears even offers fast emergency air conditioning installation.
So don't sweat it.
Call Sears now and get 0% finance charge,
no billing and no payments until October.
Ask your sales associate for this option.
This Sears air conditioning offer ends August 1st,
so call now.
At Sears, your satisfaction is guaranteed
or your money back.
For all your cooling and heating needs,
you can count on Sears.
This big grand...
Every year, our parents decide that it's time for our family
to really learn what it means to be a family.
That's it.
If we were just Eskimo's,
we could all just go out and harpoon away all together.
But since we're Wrigleys,
we have to do it the hard way and take a family trip.
It's a tribal ritual that means a lot to our dad.
But most of the time, he was just an ordinary dad
with ordinary dad powers.
But for two weeks every summer,
during our annual trip to the Hoover Dam,
he was something special.
Perfect.
He was the king, the king of the road.
He had earned his crown over the years
by being the best on the road
in the three major dad-driving categories.
One, never asking for directions, no matter what.
Two, roof stack packing, and three,
the true measure of dad greatness,
making good time on the road.
He had asked for plates that spelled out
his title a little better,
but king ol' fraud was the best our state could do.
It wasn't perfect, but dad didn't care.
When you're the king,
you've got other things to worry about,
like gas mileage and hydroplaning,
and most importantly...
I know a shortcut.
Defending your crown.
I can't be sad unless you're in bed.
Or have you been to the doggie?
Yeah, it's in bed.
Once the king hits the open road,
there are always two signs to tell me
we're really on our way.
First, the local radio station begins to fade.
Our mom, who picks up the radio signals
from the metal plate in her head,
tries her best to keep the station.
But pretty soon, it's just gone.
Then, we pass outside the superhero jurisdiction of Arty,
the strongest man in the world.
That's fiends up!
That's when I know there's no turning back.
For the next 23 and a half hours,
it's just me and the family.
New record!
Look at that guy. What a joke.
Hey, Nate!
Look.
You men behave yourself.
Hey, look. He can't even look at me.
He's too ashamed.
That's right, buddy.
Virtue your eyes in the presence of the king.
I hope he's not going to Hoover Dam.
It just wouldn't be right.
Hoover Dam's too good for a family like that.
I forgot to mention
that the king practically worships the Hoover Dam.
I think he identifies with dams
because they represent man's ability to tame nature.
That's what he thought being a dad was all about.
Just as a dam turns an untamed river into electricity,
dad wanted to turn us into something useful, too.
Synchronize rear flaps.
Rear flaps synchronized.
He had a long way to go.
I always hoped that if we got the angle just right,
the car would lift off
and I could fly it away to someplace fun.
Hey, how many times have I told you guys,
huh, hands in the car?
You men fought some with the electrical system again?
One car game the king didn't seem to mind
was something called Roadkill Auto Bingo.
Go for it.
Mom thought the game was sick,
but dad always said that sacrificing their life
on the open road was the highest honor
a lower life form could ever receive.
To the king, sacrifice was everything.
Hey, did you guys know all the 21 men died
making the Hoover Dam?
You mean their guts are in the dam?
Son, their souls are in that dam.
They died so that we could enjoy the benefits
of electricity that runs cleaner
and stronger than regular electricity.
Well, it even sounds better.
Do you ever hear the sound of dam electricity?
It's like a song.
Speaking of songs,
I think there's one in here about a dam.
Yeah?
Uh-oh, by the looks of things,
I knew I only had seconds to escape.
I figured if I tucked and rolled when I hit the ground,
I might only break both of my legs.
Well, the Hoover Dam is my new dam.
The king was feeling totally invincible.
I could tell by his elbow.
Scientists have proven that the amount of elbow
a dad has out the window
is directly proportionate to how full of himself he is.
The Valley Lit for my new Hoover Dam!
Did I ever tell you guys you're the best family I know?
You are!
I mean, I'm making great time.
I'm traveling with a great family.
Hey, what do you say we do something special later?
You know, make a pit stop,
bug juice on the house,
and we'll even break out the paper plates.
Yay!
Hey, well, why not?
I mean, I'm way ahead of schedule.
How could it hurt, huh?
Well...
As we were about to find out,
it was gonna hurt and it was gonna hurt bad.
You know, I wouldn't be surprised
if some of these dads out here have heard of me.
Hey, aren't you that, uh, king of the road guy?
Ha ha ha, you laugh.
But you know, these highwaymen, they know.
Word gets out.
There's many pretenders out there,
but there's only one king.
It was just a station wagon,
but dad stared at it
like it was his car's evil twin.
I thought dad had lost it
until I lost it, too.
Dad knew there was something suspicious going on,
but he couldn't quite put his finger on it.
Perfect.
Hi.
She need a what now?
We've got extra.
Thanks.
They're pre-moistened.
That's great.
Meanwhile, dad found the words he hoped he'd never see.
King of road.
I can handle the boredom.
It's the loneliness of the open road that gets to me.
Well, for me, the rhythm of the road,
it's like a sign of desire.
Exactly.
Let's go, let's go.
We're going to waste the time.
We've got to get back on schedule.
Come on.
What are you doing?
We've got to clean up.
There's no time for that.
Let's get moving.
Let's get in the car.
Let's go.
Come on.
I already hate you.
Making good time on your excursion?
Yeah.
Sure.
You bet.
Glad to hear it, partner.
Come on.
Get in the car.
Come on, honey.
That's it.
Here you go.
Yeah.
All right.
There's a car.
Now toy.
Come on.
What?
Oh, gee.
Come here.
Yeah.
Your dad seems to be in a hurry.
We've got to date with Destiny, the Hoover Dam.
Well, that's where we're going.
I love dams.
Oh, really?
So do I.
Dams are so powerful the way they tame nature.
Well, you know.
Not all nature can be tamed.
Maybe I'll see you there by the turbines.
Drive safely.
Bye.
Hey, dad.
You'll never guess where that family's going.
The Hoover Dam.
With that little vacation update, dad knew that his title was on the line.
The king was going to have to fight to defend his crown.
Hey, this is Bill Moore here in Nick Studios.
Coming up next, Billy from King's in Pennsylvania is going to play Fly Time Live.
If he wins, he gets big prizes, and Ellen's going to get a lovely fucking old fly.
Any final words?
I wonder if he did anything to do with it.
They do.
Everything was here in one place.
Everything was here.
I just enjoyed the whole experience of buying my car here.
On one side of the wall you have one make, and on the other side you have the other make.
Yeah, there's so many different vehicles here.
I mean, you can go look inside this one and then take a couple steps and look inside this one,
and literally compare them side by side.
It's a nice concept.
I found it very pleasurable.
And no negotiating?
No hassles.
None of these?
And I drove up on a Saturday just to see it and watch how it's been done.
World of fun for you and your family is as near as you're endorsed at Six Flags Great America Theme Park,
where you'll escape to the fantasy in front of seven themed areas.
In Gotham City, feel the heart-pounding thrills of Batman the Ride,
and you this year ride Space Shuttle America, a 21st century blast through space.
Enjoy great shows, great rides.
There's even fun for the little ones.
This summer, escape to a world of fantasy and fun.
Six Flags Great America, the big theme park right here at home.
Leg on my ego.
Getting an ego will be so much easier if I were big.
I mean, big!
It's quick.
Leg on my ego!
I just threw up on it carefully.
I like it.
Every piece would be perfectly cut on the line.
It's okay, sir.
Each bite would be exceptionally delicious.
Yeah, that would be no...
The Waffles, part of a good breakfast.
He squirts...
Tremble.
Tackle.
Quiver.
Streak.
Cream.
On an AT&T video from where we're at now is Billy.
He's having a sick party at his local McDonald's in Kingston, Pennsylvania.
Hey, Billy, are you ready to play?
Yeah!
All right, Ellen from Pete and Peter's here.
She's going to spin the wheel and you tell her when to stop.
All right, I want to get flying, Billy.
I'm Pete.
My brother Pete has been missing for three days,
ever since he melted the polar ice cap.
If you find him on the game board, you win.
All right, pick a box, Billy.
Number six.
Number four.
Hi, it's me, Gary.
Are you afraid of the dark?
And I'm afraid you need to pick again.
All right, here comes your bonus pick.
Pick again.
Number two.
It's me, Ferguson,
and I'm not the one you're looking for.
Oh!
Hey, Billy, it's time for you to buddy,
but you're still going to get the Sega Genesis
and the Activator,
and folks, I will see you in 30 minutes
for more Fly Time Live.
Fly Time Live, you match you in,
is brought to you by McDonald's,
The World, Sega, and Nickelodeon.
As Dad tried to put more and more distance
between our car and the mystery car,
one look at the elbow situation
told me everything I had to know.
The King was running scared.
Mom was so upset by Dad's behavior,
she couldn't refold the map.
Pete was drying his tongue out in protest.
And as for me,
I was busy rhyming the word cinnamon
with where you been.
Ever since my best friend,
Ellen and I decided to stay best friends,
I wondered if I'd ever find a girl
who'd send my heart spinning
like a broken compass.
Now, I knew.
We got him, baby.
We got him good.
Did you see the look on Mr. Perfect's face
when we peeled out of there?
He was smiling, Don.
The smiling to hide his fear.
I'm the one who's afraid.
I'm scared. Come on, honey.
You're riding with the King.
Hey, everybody, let's sing a song, huh?
John Jacob, sing a line with me.
Your name is my name, too.
Wherever we go out, we can do it.
I have to go to the bathroom.
We can't stop, son. We gotta keep going.
You're a dam hoarding back millions of gallons of water.
You're mighty like the Hoover Dam.
Don, the boy has to go.
He's a Wrigley, Joyce.
Wrigley still has to hold their water.
Well, I'm only half Wrigley, and I have to go, too.
Come on, guys.
Take so long.
You know how your mother is.
She always has to find the perfect spot.
How does she know when she finds it?
She knows.
Maybe your mother needs a little reminder
that you're kind of a rush here.
It's about time.
As Dad tried to make up for lost time,
I sat in the back trying to make sense
of the great mysteries of the open road.
Why is it that you always see one lonely boo
on the shoulder of the road,
and those green signs?
What are they trying to tell us?
And finally, the biggest mystery of all.
Why is it that when you miss someone so much
that your heart is ready to disintegrate
that you always hear the saddest song ever on the radio?
I wondered, was she out there somewhere
listening to the same song?
And if she was, was she thinking of you?
Niners, over. Maybe we can help.
We're not stopping.
The situation is critical, Garage.
I'm ashamed of you.
Honey, I'm doing this for the family.
If that other dad makes better time than us...
You really think that nice man at the rest stop
is trying to beat you to the damn?
Oh, please.
I'll tell you one thing.
If that man heard there were people who needed his help,
I'll bet he'd pull over.
Is that so? Well, maybe you'd like to ride with him then.
The way you're acting?
Is there anyone else in this car
who'd like to ride the rest of the way
with Mr. Perfect and his perfect family?
Well, go ahead. Be my guest.
He's right behind us.
We've sung that before.
Now in French.
Wait a minute. I'm going 55.
He must be doing at least 70.
What?
Yeah, Mr. Perfect is breaking the law.
He's so perfect. Oh, he's so absolutely wonderful.
What do you think of Mr. Perfect now?
I never said he was perfect.
And you? What do you have to say for yourself?
Life is but a dream.
Is that so? Well, if you want a dream,
you dream in the back, the way back.
That's where traders go on my watch
and you can stay back there until you figure out
what it means to be a member of this family.
Merrily, merrily, merrily.
You know, you can learn something from your brother.
How you doing, son?
Trust him, dad. Come on. Crank it.
Sorry, son. I drive clean.
I always have.
We'll beat that family to the damn,
but we'll do it through Wrigley Way.
Apparently, the Wrigley Way
meant leaving the highway
and getting hopelessly lost
after losing one tire and four hubcaps.
While some of the king's subjects forged for food,
others began to rebel against his rule.
We've got to ask for directions.
No, we're not lost.
Get ahold of yourself, Joyce.
Come on, baby. Hang tough.
Remember, no pain, no gain.
Where could...
How's my little warrior doing back there?
I gotta go to the bathroom.
Dad should have known that his dreams of empire
were no match for Pete's bladder.
It looked like Dad's reign as king was finally over.
So this is how it ends.
That sound.
What's so beautiful? It's like a song.
It's a song of the damn.
Hey, we're a damn country. We did it.
Come on, Pete. Come on. We're almost there.
Come on. Get in.
Nothing could stop him now
with his mighty elbow cutting through the breeze.
The king was back on the throne,
back where he belonged.
There's many pretenders out there,
but there's only one more mercy.
What has he won for us?
I don't think this is about making good time anymore.
After 566 and 410 miles of blood and guts driving,
the king of the road competition
had come down to one final event.
Roof stack packing.
Well, that's the way you want to find partner.
With just one mile to go,
the dad who got to the dam with the biggest roof rack stack
would be the one and only king.
Pete, hurry up.
I'm going up.
Take the wheel.
Take him down, Don. Take him down hard.
The lead swung back and forth
as each dad risked it all
in a life or death struggle for roof stack superiority.
Dad gave it his best shot.
But even with the help of our friend Captain Zornan,
it wasn't enough.
The perfect dad is just too perfect.
Look at that.
Guys like that, they always win.
You tried, Don.
Don't worry, you're still a king to me.
Well, thanks, babe.
At least we tried.
At least we were legends for a while.
Right, son?
That's when it happened.
I looked in dad's eyes
and saw a man who had given all he had,
not just for himself,
but for all of us.
And suddenly,
I knew exactly what it meant to be a family.
I'd probably never see her again,
but I knew I'd never forget her face,
especially after what I did next.
What are you doing?
We're Wrigley's, Dad.
We got to do this the Wrigley way.
We had nothing left but the clothes on our back,
but I had an idea.
We're not perfect, Dad.
We're just us.
You're right. We're Wrigley's.
It wasn't the most perfect stack in the world,
but piled high with all our clothes,
it was just enough to win.
When we exchanged license plates,
the perfect dad wouldn't even look at our dad.
It might have been because he was ashamed,
or it might have been because Dad was buck naked.
As for the rest of the family,
we all felt like kings of the road.
Our elbows said it all.
Basking in the glow of the big orange couch,
Snick will continue after these messages.
And it's Nickelodeon's Family Tree Day.
Do you know all the names of the members of your family?
Find out.
Then make a family tree to display your genealogy.
Show your parents, your grandparents, and your grandparents' parents.
Make branches for the uncle, boss, and cousins.
And down at the base of the trunk, that's you.
Tomorrow is dessert first day,
right here where every day is a Nick day.
With your invention and my savvy,
we'll corner the rubber nipple market.
We'll be millionaires.
We'll rule the world.
Just grand, I am not in this for financial gain.
I have a dream.
I believe one day that everyone,
everywhere,
will know the wonders of my nipples.
Fine.
You keep your dream, and I'll keep the money.
Now shut up and drive.
I'm driving, I'm driving.
And hardly contain myself.
Just where do you think you're going?
I was gonna sell some rubber nipples.
You don't know how to sell anything.
You can't even wheeze by yourself.
And I'll stand back and watch your real salesman at work.
Okay, run.
I've had it up to here with the likes of you people.
I'm sorry.
I thought you were a...
...circus midget.
I have a new dream, Ren.
What's your dream?
That someday,
then I will be as good a salesman as you, Ren.
Now shut up and let me do the talking.
Do I know you?
I don't think so.
Would you like to take a look at some fine rubber nipples?
Did my wife send you?
No, sir.
But you look like someone who could really use some rubber nipples.
How do I know you're not from the FBI?
Sir, I can assure you we're only salesmen.
Alright, so I made a mistake.
One mistake?
When a man start over,
do I have to keep on paying?
Maybe I should make another mistake.
Maybe two more.
Please, sir.
I think one mistake is plenty.
Just let me show you what's inside here.
Don't do it, man. I'm not armed.
We really just want to sell you some rubber nipples.
See?
Oh!
It is a nipple.
Oh, what you must think of me.
Forget everything I said.
So, nipples, huh?
Hmm.
No, sir, I don't think I have any use for rubber nipples.
I'll tell you what, though.
Do you have any rubber walrus protectors?
Ren?
What is it, man?
Oh, please! Can I talk at the next house?
Can I, can I, huh?
Please, please, please! Can I, huh?
Get the hold of yourself, man.
All right, all right. Shut up and get in the truck.
Joy!
Hello, sir.
Would you like to buy some shiny new rubber nipples?
I made them myself.
Hmm, nipples, huh?
Let me ask the wife.
Honey, are we short on rubber nipples?
Now, dear, don't you go buy new rubber nipples
when you don't use the ones you already have.
Well, maybe I would if they weren't all chewed up.
Come on in, boys. Let's see what you got.
Well, sir, you know, rubber nipples have come a long way
since you were a child.
I bet you thought rubber nipples were just a put in your mouth.
Well, yeah, actually.
Well, nowadays, there's a thousand and one uses
for my handy dandy rubber nipples.
Observe.
They're perfect for storing your hair trimings.
Now, there's something the little woman can use.
They're perfect for getting at those hide-to-reach places.
Just amazing.
They make great finger gloves.
For when you have to touch filthy and repulsive things.
I have to touch filthy and repulsive things every day.
Don't I, honey?
Watch me now.
Those plugs.
And they make wonderful rain hats.
They protect your eyes from harmful UV rays.
And they make...
Oh, man.
Wait till the guys in the office get a load of this.
Do you want to sleep out in the yard?
You mean for a change?
Yeah, your knees cold, sir?
Well, yes, they are a little chilly.
No more frosty knees, no saray.
They are warm.
Honey, how long have we been married?
And we don't have any of these.
All right, boys, here's five bucks.
I'll take the whole mess of them.
Five bucks!
Now get out.
These messages.
I want you to meet a real champion soda.
My prize minutes are great, then.
Champion.
Look at the little rascal.
Show us your lipstick.
Now a champion soda possesses many fine traits.
Like dental hygiene, for instance.
Just look at those gums.
You think gums like this come cheap?
No, sir.
You've got to massage them.
There you go.
Now don't be stingy with your love.
How about that?
What's this crap?
Your dog got one of these?
Yeah, I'll bet it does.
To be a real champion, your dog must have its tail bob.
Easy now.
Man, that's pretty.
Now note how the smooth butt adds a regal appearance to your show dog.
Lookie, here's another one.
See that?
Yeah, but I'm the cat.
Madagal, Rex.
Finally, let's not overlook the importance of a show dog's fur.
Look at those fine coats.
They weren't born this way.
Only a daily buffing can bring out that shine.
Aye, you're looking mighty handsome.
Shut up.
Tear your tonsils out.
Don't sweat it, boys.
You can lick them.
You can lick them all.
No contest.
Hey, boys.
We'll have this judge eating out of the palms of our hands.
All right, let's have a look at your dog, ma'am.
You call that a dog?
Rex with a hippy wig.
It's in the bag.
It's too easy.
That's periwinkle measure up.
No, ma'am.
I don't like it.
Yes!
It's been a good life.
Next.
You're kidding.
Don't make that.
It's not my fault.
You think I want to be seen with hair like this?
Man, will you look at that.
Makes me want to puke.
It's him.
He makes me do it.
It's his fault.
Kill him.
Oh, please.
Don't reject me, please.
It's in the bag.
Look at you.
You're begging.
Shame on you.
All right, all right.
You're right.
I got to take it like a man.
Next.
Here, take a look at this.
Hmm.
Look at that.
Well, this one's representative of his sickly breed.
All right, he's in.
Steampy.
I've never seen this breed before.
No, sir.
His butt's too smooth.
I've heard of that.
Take a closer look, you moron.
Don't you know a Cornish mad town when you see one?
Maybe I don't.
We'll take a nether.
What do you think now?
I think he looks good.
Thank you.
Louder.
I can't hear you.
He looks good.
Mighty good.
Thanks again.
Yeah, I thought so.
Oh, boys, this is the big time.
Make me proud.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm your judge.
Now there's a real judge for you.
A man's man.
Only the finest Joe dogs from all over the world
have come to compete in this spectacular event.
A stunning Italian greyhound.
Boys, this is going to be harder than I thought.
Perfect hind quarters.
Don't worry, boys.
If you don't make it, we'll just go back to more guard dog training.
A solid brisket.
He gets a nine.
Fabulous Cornish Rexhound.
Go to it, Rex.
Mmm, good complexion.
Add a girl, Rex.
Nice hox, man.
He likes him. He likes him.
Let's take a closer look, shall we?
Ah, yes.
Good muscle tone.
What's this?
An ingrown dew claw.
Disqualified.
Take him away.
You lousy rotten pambia.
It took me months to push in that dew claw.
And next, a prize as Mahal Chihuahua.
It's up to you now.
You're going to bring me my trophy.
You're going to make my dream come true.
You got that?
Oh, no.
I ain't going up there.
Why don't you do it yourself?
A beat shot.
Oh, a smart mouth, huh?
And I'm going to win, too.
Look at those lines.
A perfect chest from withers to brisket.
Such a smooth butt.
I tell you, I've never seen a finer dog in my long career.
Ladies and gentlemen,
for outstanding excellence amongst all breeds,
present this first prize to our finest show dog,
the Royal American,
George Hound.
Good job.
Hey, don't touch the pouch.
What about your friend Sam?
Are we getting a new member or what?
Next week. Kiki's up tonight.
Man, I'm dead.
Yeah, from the neck up.
Hey, you want to be dead from the neck down?
I was helping my brother move all day.
I hate moving.
Moving's the worst.
I love it.
Say what?
What?
How can you like moving?
Lugging stuff around isn't any fun.
You replace.
It's like a mystery.
You always wonder who lived there before.
You know, what they were like.
Why they left.
Pretty good story.
It is.
My story's about moving.
And about promises.
A promise is a pledge.
Something to rely on.
You should never break a promise.
Because if you do, it might come back.
Submit it for the approval
of the Midnight Society.
I call this story.
Give it back, Bozo.
Submit it for the approval
of the Midnight Society.
I call this story.
The tale of a partner of 214.
Cooper was going through a rough time.
It looked like her parents were going to break up.
She and her mom had to move into a tiny apartment
across town.
It's a lot smaller with all the stuff in here.
It's a little cramped.
Mom, a sardine can is a little cramped.
Okay, it's small, but it's all I could afford right now.
Out of there.
Hey!
You scared me.
You don't park here.
I don't think the manager would mind we're moving in.
I am manager.
I do mind.
You'll move car now.
Sure.
What a mess.
Do you have any idea where we popped the broom in the dustpan?
Yeah, we'll go get it.
What are you doing out here?
I thought I heard something.
I don't want you wandering around at night.
Come on back inside.
What was I doing in there long?
Well, I asked you not to do it.
What are you doing?
Um, I was...
You know who lives here?
I didn't think anyone did.
You just moved into 213, didn't you?
How'd you know?
I've seen you around.
Not many kids live here.
Would you want to hang out sometime?
Maybe.
Well, I'll see you later then.
Yeah, bye.
Hey!
How come you're so late?
The bus broke down.
It's about time you came to see me.
I'm having some tea.
Will you join me?
What's your name?
Stacy.
Well, Stacy, it's going to be a real trick to drink it from there.
Are you an art collector or something?
In a manner of speaking,
these are all the original works of Madeline Cagle.
That's me.
You painted all of these?
A long time ago.
Who's this? Your family?
That's my nephew Frank and his family.
I never had children of my own.
Frank promised that I could always live with them,
but when his family grew,
he got tired of taking care of an old woman,
so he asked me to leave.
He broke his promise?
Just like that?
That's when I moved in here,
away from the children, away from all my friends.
I kind of lost all my friends, too.
Thrown back to my old neighborhood.
Well, Stacy, we seem to have something in common.
Do you know what I think might do both of us the world of good?
What?
Visits.
If we were to visit now and again,
maybe we wouldn't miss our old friends quite so much.
You sure you'd want to be friends with a kid?
If you don't mind being friends with an old woman.
As the days went by,
Stacy and Madeline spent a ton of time together.
Stacy helped Madeline with some of the tougher chores around the apartment,
and Madeline told Stacy really cool stories about her life.
It was perfect.
Madeline wasn't lonely anymore,
and Stacy found her first new friend.
Stacy, would you mind terribly if I asked you to drop by tomorrow?
No.
What's up?
Nothing.
It's just a day on which I prefer not to be alone.
No sweat.
I'll be there.
Promise?
Promise.
Wonderful.
I've got a surprise for you.
What is it?
You'll have to wait till tomorrow.
Okay.
I'll see you then.
Take these out.
What are they?
Tickets to the Battle of the Bands.
I didn't even know they were selling them yet.
They are.
And we're going.
You want to come?
We got an extra ticket.
Really?
When?
Right now.
My mom's getting the car,
and we're going to pick up some of my friends.
You can meet them.
Why not?
I promised someone that I'd visit them.
Stacy, this is the Battle of the Bands.
I thought we were supposed to start hanging out together.
Free ticket.
You coming or not?
Let me tell mom.
Thanks, Angela.
I had a great time.
Bye.
We'll be there one second and not the next.
If it is about plumbing, I have already got the complaint.
Mr. Horstrum, did the lady in 214 move out?
What lady?
There's no one living there.
But Madeleine lives there.
Who?
Madeleine Cagle, the artist,
where I swear she lives there.
No one lived in 214.
No one lived there for years.
It just didn't make sense.
All Stacy knew for sure was that Madeleine left,
and she would have to live with the guilt of her broken promise.
As time went on,
she realized that Madeleine wasn't coming back,
and she would never get the chance to apologize.
Stacy!
Here's the number of the restaurant.
Are you sure you're gonna be okay by yourself?
Mom, if you don't get going,
Dad's gonna think you're not coming.
I'm fine.
Stacy, just because we're talking
doesn't mean we're definitely getting back together.
Understand?
I know.
Tell Dad I love him.
I will.
Okay, you stay inside and lock this as soon as I'm gone.
Bye, Mom.
Bye, sweetie.
I want to be alone on that day.
That day is the worst day,
and you didn't come.
It was a very lonely day for me, Stacy.
And do you know why?
It was my anniversary.
Ten years ago.
On that day is the day I die!
You scrim.
Go back.
Can't.
Madeleine's in there.
Who?
The old lady who lives in apartment 214.
I'm telling you is no one's there.
I can't rent.
Every time I show apartment,
some sink up,
and people get scared.
Go away.
You go home now.
Going?
I go to excuse.
Got to make lights come back on.
I'll come with you.
Nick, you go home now.
Oh, fuck these don't hurt me.
I waited.
I just wanted to make a new friend.
I need to break my promise.
I came over after,
but it was too late.
We're already gone.
It's very important to make friends, Stacy.
You shouldn't have to be alone.
I won't bother you anymore.
Madeleine.
Are you really dead?
I'm afraid so.
Aren't you supposed to move on or something?
I'm much too old and set in my ways
to move anywhere.
This is my home,
and this is where I'm going to stay.
Is that why you scare off anyone
who comes to look at the apartment?
Strangers traipsing through my home.
How dare they?
But sooner or later, they're going to rent it.
And you'll have to leave.
I've got nowhere to go.
Nobody wants me.
I'm not welcome anywhere.
I don't want to leave.
How are you, like, new apartment?
It's great. We have so much room.
I still don't understand why it's cheaper than 213.
You get a discount.
Living with ghosts.
You watch too much TV.
So such a thing as ghosts.
When Stacy and her mom moved into apartment 214,
she made up for her broken promise.
Because Madeleine wasn't going to be alone anymore.
The end.
Good story.
Where's the pouch?
The what?
The pouch with the...
It was right here before we started.
Getting on my nerves.
I declare this meeting of Midnight Society closed.
And next week, Betty Ann's friend,
Sam, comes up for initiation.
Don't miss it.
Where'd the bucket go?
Tucker!
Where's the bucket?
Nick, Nick, Nick.
There you go, baby!
Yes, that's French, they're speaking,
and know these children aren't French.
They're American.
And they've acquired their amazing new language skills
from Munzy.
The remarkable new Video Language program for Children
developed by the British Broadcasting Corporation.
With this unique BBC language course,
children learn a second language with incredible ease.
Four delightful videos quickly become
their favorite TV show
and teaches children the same way they learned English.
Learning another language becomes fun.
You'll be amazed when your children begin speaking
and understanding their new language
from the very first day through this unique method.
The entire course, four videos, two audio cassettes,
the activity book, and the parent's guide and answer book
is available in French, Spanish, Italian, or German.
To order, use your credit card and call this number.
We'll ship and charge you 2808 a month for six months.
Your satisfaction is guaranteed.
Call 1-800-424-0700.
A special offer from Carnation.
Congratulations, class, on advancing to solid foods.
Today, you'll learn more about nutrition and savings.
Eating solid foods means you're ready to graduate
from formulas like similec and infamil
to Carnation follow-up formula.
The only formula made especially for older babies,
it has all the protein, iron, and calcium you need,
and it costs up to 20% less than the leading formulas
every day, which is like getting every fifth can
of formula free.
How's that for a valuable lesson?
Start saving for the future today.
Call 1-800-367-5700, and you'll receive special money
saving coupons and an informative brochure free.
Plus a special offer on a duck cup.
At 100% nutrition and 20% savings,
Carnation follow-up formula is the right formula
at the right time and the right price.
This is Murray, the mind leader.
I knew you were going to say that.
Yes, but does he know why kids love cinnamon toast crunch?
It comes in a nice box.
Read this, Murray.
There's the intense taste of cinnamon and sugar.
Swirl it all over every bite, as any kid can see.
I'll read you.
Cinnamon toast crunch, part of this balanced breakfast.
Right boy.
Eat a wife.
Take unto him a wife.
Do you or don't you?
We do!
And the two shall bear children that their days
may be long upon the earth.
And it is also written that the mortgage shall be long
upon the house, and dad shall lose his job,
and mom shall be passed it over for promotion,
and the two shall become greatly stressed out,
and lo, they shall each pull their respective hair.
And dad shall watch Baywatch with an unclean eye,
and mom shall dent the station wagon,
and lo, they shall each pull the other's hair.
Then the day cometh when mom shall ask that faithful question
which hath no right answer.
Honey, does my father look big in this dress?
And there shall be great pride and gnashing of teeth,
and the voice of the lawyer shall be heard in the land,
and it is written, blessed are the children,
and so they shall cut slack from both sides.
This is just a reminder, parents say is tomorrow.
There's gonna be two sessions for those of you
whose parents can't be in the same room.
For those of you with more than four step-parents,
please remember, parking is limited.
Thank you.
Hey, Chris, is your real father or your step-father
coming to parents today?
My real dad, I don't have a step-father.
You're not a step-father?
Your mom hasn't married yet?
No, I mean she's still married.
I mean, my real parents are still married.
Whoa, man, heavy, dude, heavy.
I think you need to visit a school psychologist,
Dr. Hugo Bezerk.
Hello, Tommy, take a seat.
Now, I want you to take a look at this ink blotch
and tell me what to see.
It looks like an ink blotch.
Just as I suspected.
What is it?
Separation anxiety.
Anxiety which comes from being the only kid at school
with parents who are not separated.
Well, what can I do?
I mean, what can I do about it?
Here, Regent, how to fake your parents' divorce?
Exactly, so tell me.
How is your step-father doing?
I don't have a step-father.
No, paid 162.
Oh, he's okay, I guess, but I miss my real dad.
Perfect, well, I'm afraid that time is up.
Good luck, and remember, may divorce be virtue.
Divorce is take a choke.
Great, I hope this next sketch helps me out
a little more than the last one.
Lady, why are you talking to the school strength?
Well, I'm a little troubled, and I can't sleep.
When my kids can't get to sleep,
I give them a dose of mominix.
Mominix is the endless meaningless battle
for mom's bed-bored kids to unconsciousness.
Speaking of battle, I just found an addition
to my shower cap collection.
I got it for five cents with a triple coupon.
You know, they just don't perforate coupons
the way they used to, both were the glory days.
Nobody perforated like I did.
Blabity, blah, blah, blah,
ten pegs, blah, blah, bity, blah, blah,
cast and stewing.
Thanks for trying, mom, but I still can't sleep.
Oh, honey, well, why don't you tell me what's bothering you?
Actually, it's you and dad.
Oh, well, we'll find another place to live then, sweetie.
It's short notice, but I-
I mean, you're my real mom and my real dad.
That's right.
Oh, honey, have you been studying genetics again?
Listen, you don't have to turn out like your father,
all right?
Environment has a lot to do with it.
Yeah, but just look at him.
It's painful.
It strikes without warning,
and it only hits fathers who sit on their haunches
and stare at the tube all day.
It-
Hey, has anybody seen the TV power lord?
Remote control, some.
Ah, my thumb, it's huge.
Oh no, oh no, I've lost control
of my most important bodily function.
I've lost remote control.
Poor dear, and he was in the prime of his-
Well, he was in prime time.
Oh, what's the use in living?
So I can finally turn this idiot box off.
Oh, but now there's a solution.
An even bigger remote control called
the even bigger remote control.
Hey, check it out.
Ooh, that was close.
And by the way, don't call me handicapped.
I prefer it to be known as digitally challenged.
You know, I don't have anything personal against dad.
It's just that all the other kids
have step-fathers and I feel left out.
I mean, Jimmy's stepdad has a beamer
and Cindy's owns a toy store.
Well, honey, I know your dad doesn't always show it,
but he really loves you.
I know, the nerve of that guy.
He's made me the laughing stock of the whole school.
Well, son, I'm really stuck for an answer on this one.
You know, I'm gonna have to consult
the TV parent's book of cliches.
Let's see.
Well, here's a good one.
What's the mother to do?
Well, I really need a stepdad.
Could you just shop around a little?
Well, I've got him down there first, right back.
Well, he's slow with his apocetic
and has all the moral fiber of a can of spam.
But hey, I mean, I have to admit
that probably gives him an edge.
All right, let's go straight to the allowance competition.
Can I please have $20?
Ah!
$20, that's a good one.
$20?
Where am I supposed to get $15?
You want $10?
Why do you want $5?
Okay, let's go to the potgut competition.
Ready, dad?
What do you think, John?
Well, it's gonna be awfully hard to beat number three.
I mean, come on.
He hasn't seen his toes in almost three years.
Okay, that takes us to the talent portion of this year's trap.
Dad!
Well, I can do this trick here.
Kids go eight for this.
I will now play for you all Beethoven's Fifth Symphony
on the pit organ.
Okay, number three, it's up to you.
Show us what you got.
Stand back, Buster.
I'm going to twirl.
Don't worry, son.
We'll find you a stepfather somewhere.
Carl, from the only inside a gym teacher's brain,
learn the most annoying car songs.
Don't come to the door in an easy chair.
Well, just give me another chance.
Sorry, dad.
We're gonna have a stepfamily like everybody else.
Bizz on sulking.
Happens on TV.
You're all supposed to forget about your real parents
and get into wacky high jinks together.
Yeah, and someday one of you will have the ad
to be hippie bad.
What's the real dad doing here?
Yeah!
And get a new stepdad.
Just let me take my baby with me.
Still under warranty?
Well, don't expect me to pay cable support.
I'm not letting go of this.
Not as long as all my stepchildren's on.
They're getting to me.
What's this, sir?
This is terrible.
A guy who's perfected the auto doing nothing.
Look at this.
My chair doesn't run worth a poo-poo on this sidewalk.
Well, second thought, just being free thing
might not be so bad after all.
Think I'll take a little nap
and have a really good dream sequence.
If only they could invent a wife
who not only loved cooking and cleaning,
but could also poly a mediocre singing voice
and a talent for disrobing
into international superstardom.
Here's a combination of a sitcom mom and a pop star.
She's Madonna Reed.
Hey, Mom, what's for dinner?
A pop icon and still has time to talk to me about my problems.
Well, honey, that's what sketch mothers are for.
Now, tell me what's bothering you.
Well, I'm worried about dad being all alone.
Oh, honey, he'll be okay.
Well, but just imagine what his life is like.
I said, imagine what his life is like.
Hey, we just did a dream sequence.
Yeah, we're on a fire.
I'll forget it.
We'll deal with ourselves.
Come on, sweetie.
Here we go.
Let's see what his life is like.
Remember Wendy from math last semester?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, that married her.
This afternoon on a very special afternoon special,
my stepmother, my classmate,
a tragic story of a girl whose dad
married the homeroom milk monitor.
Dad, how did you marry Wendy?
She's not even on the homecoming court.
What did it for you, pumpkin?
It's gonna save me some time too.
Now I can wrap the two of you off at school together.
I'm not used to Wendy being my stepmom.
I held her feet yesterday at the dimple set up.
Now, sweetie, I am so glad to hear
that you are adjusting so well.
By the way, I'm dating the paper boy.
It feels hot.
I can't stop crying, but I won't stop crying.
I can't stop crying, my heart keeps breaking.
You and showdowns were kids.
Call hookup and see it live.
Slime time live.
This Saturday on Snick, starting at 8 o'clock, 7 central,
on the place where only kids win Nickelodeon.
Presenting the one and only fruit-bearing gummy bears,
Amazing Fruit, made with real fruit juice,
Amazing Fruit is so fruity, you can hardly bear it.
Tropical flavors too.
For the 30-day money back guarantee that you can read,
call 1-800-531-READ-READ.
To Roundhouse and Snick, only on Nick.
When asked to clean their filth,
sure I'll get right on it, survey says!
It's a seal.
One answer is on the board.
Name something Step Kids say.
When asked to do that homework to 100 Step Kids,
you can't make me, you're not my real dad.
Is it that?
I'm sorry.
We asked 100 Step Kids what their favorite
Starkey Tuber was.
Damn, you're not my real dad.
Want to control the game?
What are you gonna do now?
We're going to Disneyland, and he's tanked.
You can't make me, I'm not your real dad.
I'll work for one of our proud sponsors of Step Families News.
Are you looking for that perfect doll
to help you play the game's grown-up's play?
Get Alamone Barbie.
She's on a phone, she's just come into a ton of cash.
No need to buy expensive accessories.
Alamone Barbie comes with their own.
And most of cans too.
Barbie from Motel Toys, assault and battery not included.
Bankruptcy cans sold separately.
Hey there, honeybuns.
How about another glass of punch
and some more snicker doodles?
Don't push your luck, mister.
Okey-dokey, Mom's again.
Who are you?
I'm your Step Dog.
Great, go fast.
Seconds yourself, kid, you ain't my real master.
I gotta go bite the Step Mailman.
This is Sid, Bob, and Walter.
David's, you couldn't make it.
Hey, Cindy, I'd like you to meet my Step Uncle.
No, son, I'm your Step Great Grand Uncle.
Once removed from your stepmother's side.
For a scented family, Odd Mark has a solution.
Brothers are red, violets are blue.
You're not my real mom, but I guess you'll do.
And for those of you with multiple fathers...
Stop bites are red, caution is yellow.
You're less of a jerk than the previous fellow.
Odd, your family may be, Odd Mark has the card for you.
And with who my mother currently resides,
yet cannot commit to on a permanent basis.
Odd Mark, for when you care just enough to send something.
This is just a reminder.
Welcome to all the parents and Step Parents,
and what have you.
I'd like to announce the winner of the poster contest
for Parents' Day, Chris and A-K.
Hey, yeah, where'd it go, where'd it go?
Yeah, honey, sit down.
Well, he's my son.
Hey, everybody, it's my step dad.
No, I'm not.
I'm his real dad, and I love him,
and I'm proud of him.
Dad, please.
That goes for you too, you little twerp.
I know how it feels.
I'm not Kimmy's real mother, but I love him.
Hey, Samantha, I love you.
Oh, yeah? Well, I love you.
Oh, this looks like a twerp-a-pool.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's okay, mom. I'm the one who's sorry, dad.
It's all right, son.
All right, bedtime.
Get upstairs and brush your teeth
and reprise your theme song and roll the credits.
Whenever my life gets me so down,
I know I can go down, down, down, down,
with the music, I'm the friend.
So if you want to spend more time down at the Roundhouse,
then be here tomorrow when Roundhouse returns
at 5, 4, Centaur.
Holy on, Nick.
There's a lot of things that kids can do.
You could go to a shelter and help serve the food,
donate clothing to charity and stuff.
You could also help by recycling.
You could even clean your sidewalk.
Help, help.
Nickelodeon wants to know how you're helping.
You might be doing things that we've never even thought of.
So write them down and send them to Nickelodeon PO Box 2626, New York, New York 108.
And with your help Nickelodeon will make a giant list so kids everywhere can find out new ways to make a difference.
Kids can help in tons and tons of different ways.
You could ask the people not to give you like plastic spoons and forks.
You can help the elderly people by lending you ear.
You can help kids across the street or you can read a book to them if they like.
You could help an animal by doting it out.
We bring a box of Kellogg's Frosted Miniweeds on the bus and now Miss Svetler says we're
using their noggins to think of nutrition.
They know these little guys can't packed with whole grain free smart kids know they need frostage.
Extensive frostage. It's all over these things.
They keep my good little passengers on the road to a balanced breakfast.
Kellogg's Frosted Miniweeds cereal is part of this complete breakfast.
Tastes so good. Who cares about anything else?
A good breakfast helps them put their best face forward.
This summer the thrill and the excitement return to the screen with the new adventures
of America's best loved dog.
Paramount Pictures presents Lassie.
I love you.
Rated PG starts Friday July 22nd.
I told the witch doctor I loved you.
From their first hit Witch Doctor to their newest smash AP Brickie Hart, Alvin and the
Chipmunks have been delighting fans all over the world.
Now Alvin, Simon and Theodore have gathered their greatest fits on one big album.
The Chipmunks 35th birthday party.
Including Feed It, Uptown Girl, and because Alvin looks great in trunks, Surfin USA.
Alvin!
To order the Chipmunks 35th birthday party, call the number on your screen
or send check or money order. CD1899, double play cassette 1499. Order now.
Your late skirmish.
Late skirmish.
Yeah, passing jacks.
What are your geniuses doing?
No wonder we can't win a game. It doesn't taste like apple.
It doesn't have to.
Because?
Because we like it.
Oh please.
Kellogg's Applejack cereal party is complete.
We eat what we like.
Do you have it? The Guts Deer Kit, that is.
Stopwatch, Whistle, and Extreme Team Card. All free with two proofs.
Kellogg's Applejack cereal. You've got the Guts.
Now you can get the gear.
Sourberry blast gushers are so sour, you'll get sucked in by the taste.
It's lip-puffing sour.
Coming with the tangy.
Face-crunching tart. Sourberry blast gushers.
The fruit snack with super sour juice in the middle.
So cheek-sucking sour, they'll turn you inside out.
Sourberry blast gushers, you'll get sucked in by the sour taste.
Nick is kids. All kinds of kids.
All colors, all shapes, all sizes, even fur gloves.
Nick is kids.